welcome back Wolfpack bro Lister to the
last fan Fridays for this week Biff with
packs coming up I have a lot of videos
to prep so it is just going to be four
videos this week but we have a very
special battle so this is gonna be the
frost last toros combo I talked about it
well over a year ago because it's a
really nifty combo and I get about one
or two every month for it so let's go
and show off what the strategy is behind
a frost last or else it is you guys who
are interested and just the craziness
about it
so also I'm expecting this to be a quick
battle and this is it right there so
that's going to be a frost breath right
on the Toros no wasting time and Toros
straight into the return on to Serperior
and that's it guys that's bets that's
how this works that with bra / using
frost breath frost breath has a 100%
chance to crit Toros when credited maxes
out its attacked because of the anger
point and then frost last place support
from there so they have speedy frost
laughs taunting klefki that's going to
shut down clucky pretty hard earthquake
with the max attack is going to one shot
be clucky frost last also they focus ash
to endure all sorts of other hits you
have the single target damage Blissey
goes down immediately and that just kind
of shows the strategy I think it's
actually too quick so there's the mean
shout it's going to buy one turn with a
fake out and then the battle is pretty
much go be over from there so let's go
I'd actually get another oh and dust me
bomb just in case you know so that's how
this really works out if thought bell
sauce just fans of destiny Vaughn Toros
that can use a single target attack and
then if something else happens it's just
gonna be a KO from there so the frost
last has top support sets up with the
frost breath and that's just sweet
damage for the Toros so that's one quick
for turn battle just like that I will
definitely have to pull up another one
because of one minute fan fridays that's
not fun and let's see w i'm just going
to talk to myself a bit about how i type
in this battle code yeah i get i get a
lot of all across class combos I'm very
well aware of because I have done two
videos maybe I've done a couple of
videos on it it's really cool maybe even
if
Friday's I can't remember there's over
350 fan Fridays but it's cool for the
newer fans I haven't really experienced
a lot of these gimmicks it is definitely
something worth checking out so let's go
straight into this next battle and see
how how you just handle different
different things of this but it's
definitely a fun gimmick it's it stumped
me out before I learned about this back
in the fifth generation and it was
freaking terrifying so that's going to
be Taurus that's going to be frost last
that's gonna be your standard stuff
frost last such a fast pokemon going to
leave the frost breath going to get the
current anchor point props and you just
make it where frost last doesn't have
any special attack and Toros can enjoy
the hit so that's a one shot return boom
just like that then you go for the
earthquake you have tongs support all
the earthquakes not gonna be too
effective against the levitate right
they're super effective fire blasts so
you can also run tank for all slabs I
guess just speed and hit points to a
degree
dusty bombs gonna keep frost last safe
against whatever's going on so Toros
needs use return on to house the key
electrons but flag on is also what 11 a
Pokemon so you have to you can't use
earthquake in that situation you know
like Charleston go in flavor nevermind
that was like the perfect call right
there oh I thought it electrons to go
and try to finish off the frost last be
the way the calls are looking good so
dusty bombs spam means that frost last
is going to be able to keep the
Metagross down until night rolls means
no fishy business and Toros just going
to call the earthquake so balls less
looks like it is going to go down no
destiny bond Metagross doesn't have the
bullet punch going to be a super
effective hit on the meta girls and that
is going to be a one-shot and then it
looks like we just wait for the return
next turn yeah
Toros I guess has lung Barry maybe for
status I don't really know what other
item it could have fun that you know
just so much damage and then you just
single out the damage and it's all so
fast Pokemon you round it with a jolly
nature since you're Max and you're
attacking doesn't matter that's kind of
it you can work about the other two
pokemons is supported on your team
having mega Metagross okay they knock
out Toros now you have a mega Metagross
to deal with and that could be pretty
silly as well
Oh a minute grass has psycho way to just
show off the extra little part of the
strategy that completely breaks that you
psych up oh hey that's a
six then you use bullet punch and it
doesn't matter at that point that works
too
so cool stuff coming out of the anger
point and I guess poof able follow me
maybe minimize this is just dumb this is
a lot more silly than I thought so once
braless goes down Taurus or Metagross
still gets a lot of support and that's
hard enough to deal with cool
so even double levitate doesn't break it
flying-type pokémon don't break it too
well not bad so i've guys enjoyed fan
fridays this week we had a pretty hype
week gotta say it was pretty awesome and
then we end it with something that a lot
of people have wanted to see anger
points have you guys enjoyed this video
and i hope you all have a nice day have
a great week have a great weekend I'll
see you have packs if your going to be
there